This lecture is not so much about
reproducible research, per se.
But it's more about how you can
communicate your results, in a way
that people can understand them, and can
check your results, if they need to.
So particularly, when you're doing a large
data
analysis, or, you know, a complex kind of
project.
And you do your work in a reproducible
manner.
You're going to generate a lot of content
and a lot of files and a lot of
output and a lot of data.
And those all cannot be presented at once.
And so when you present your, your kind of
findings to another person you're going to
have, there's going to, there's a kind of
hierarchy of information that you're
going to want to present.
Ranging from kind of least specific to
most specific.
So the bottom line is that, you know, most
people are, these days are very busy.
People like managers and
organization leaders are going to be very
busy.
And so they are going to have to kind of
accept content that you present.
At a, at a kind of a, at a, at a, at a, in
a kind of hierarchical matter.
So the idea is that, you know, many times,
when you, when you present a
data analysis, it will be in an oral form
like a presentation or in a meeting.
But often the kind of early results or
intermediate
results are, are presented via, via a
medium like email.
And it's useful to break
down the results of an analysis into
kind of different levels of specificity or
granularity.
And so here's a link to just some general
advice
on kind of how to get email responses from
busy people.
But the basic idea is that you don't want
to kind of blast a ton of information to
someone
in one go, because it'll be overwhelming,
and people will
be less likely to read what you have to
say.
So if you think about you know, what a
typical research
paper might look like, you know, there's
a, it's
a hierarchy of information built into a
research paper.
So typically the first level is going to
be the title.
Which is descriptive of what the paper's
about, hopefully it's interesting, it
tells you
a little bit about what's going on, but
there's really no detail in a title.
Just the kind of the topic that's covered.
The next will be the abstract, which would
be, usually
be a couple hundred words, about what the
paper's about.
You know, what motivated the problem
what they did to solve the problem.
What the, kind of the bottom line results
were.
So that's only going to be in the
abstract.
Then of course you have the paper itself.
You know, the body of the paper will show
you, will have the, you know, the methods.
And more details about what you really
did.
There will be the more detailed results
any sensitivity analyses you
know, things can, things like that will be
in the paper.
And a much longer discussion of the
implications of the results.
But of course,
even the written paper these days, for
a complex data analysis, doesn't specify,
really, all
the details that need to be used to need,
that are needed to reproduce the findings.
So then you typically might have some
supplementary de, materials which
have a lot more of the details about what
was done.
And, and then if you really, really
want to
kind of do what was done to a level of
precision that is kind of useful, you
probably need
to get the code, the data and all the
gory details of kind of what happened.
So that's kind of like the, the range of
things that you
might be able to present from least
specific to most specific, so
not everyone, of course, is going to be
writing a research paper,
but there is an analog to kind of most
presentations of data analysis.
And so, if you're going to be you know,
mailing results to a person.
Either a colleague, or a manager.
then, you know, the, the first line of
information is the
subject of the email, all right, so the
subject of the
e-mail is kind of like the title.
And you want to have it, kind of concise,
you want to
be descriptive, and at a minimum, you want
to have one, all right?
So don't leave it, don't, don't send an
e-mail without a
subject, so it's not specific as to what
the e-mail is about.
If you can summarize kind of what you've
done in one
sentence, the, then it may be useful put
that in the subject.
That way people reading the subject can
kind of get a sense
of what's happening and maybe even make a
decision based on that alone.
The next level of information of course is
the email body.
And you, you don't want to go, even though
there's no technical limit
on the size of the email body, you don't
want to go too crazy
with this, But you want to have, you know
provide a brief description of
the problem maybe if someone doesn't, you
know, if the person may not remember.
If they're working on many different
things at
once, they may not remember what the
problem
is, precisely what you're working on, so
give
them a little context, give them a little
description.
Recall, you know, if there was a meeting
previously.
You know, talk about what was
proposed and, you know, and what you
actually did.
Summarize some of your findings and your
results and maybe, you know, for
a total for one to two paragraphs in this
whole, the email body.
If you need this, the person that you're
presenting the
information to to take some sort of action
based on these,
the results of this presentation, then you
should try to
suggest some options that and make them as
concrete as possible.
Alright.
So and
if there are questions that need to be
addressed,
if you want them to kind of comeback with
an answer, it's usually best to try to
make
them yes no questions or as simple as
possible.
After the email body, of course, you might
be able
to attach something that's quite a bit
longer, a PDF file
or another type of document, and so this
can be like
a report containing more detailed
analyses, figures, tables, things like
that.
You can, this can be derived from an R
markdown file.
You can use it, you know, something that
you create with knitr.
But of course, even in the report like
this where you may
be allowed, you know, a couple of pages
to, to present things,
you still want to stay concise, you don't
want to spit
out pages and pages of code and tables and
results.
We know that your code is available
because if you
use something like knitr then obviously,
you have to kind
of put the code in with the results, but
you
don't necessarily have to present it all
in the report.
Your opportunity to do something like that
of course
will be, if, if you, if you have someone
who
really wants to look at what you put, what
you
did precisely, you can give em a link to
some
sort of repository, like GitHub, or a
project
website that would have all of the
details.
Or all your code files.
All your data sets.
All your, all that kind of, all the nitty
gritty like that.
All your, your software environment,
things like that.
And so.
So that's kind of the level of, different
levels
of detail that you might want to present
to someone.
And so people who are truly interested in
everything
that you did, you know, or really want to
know
kind of the details, they might go to your
GitHub repository and start pulling your
code and start looking
at it and start looking at the detailed
results.
But someone who wants kind of top line
or I should say, you know, top line
summaries.
You know, they'll, they'll read the email,
they'll
look at the subject, they'll read the
brief description.
And might flip through the report.
And so different, the point is that
different people are going to
be interested in different levels of
details of, about what you've done.
So you want to be, and so you want to
present people with those different
levels, so that they might
be able to choose the level that they are
most interested in.
And so this is just kind of a generic
template for kind of how you
might present a an analysis or a data, or
a project that you've worked on.
Not every presentation will kind of need
all
these different levels but I think that, I
find this to be a useful breakdown of
the different types of presentations that
you can make.